kamailio-autheph-modules: hardening-no-bindnow usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/kamailio/modules/auth_ephemeral.so
kamailio-berkeley-modules: hardening-no-bindnow usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/kamailio/modules/db_berkeley.so
kamailio-carrierroute-modules: hardening-no-bindnow usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/kamailio/modules/carrierroute.so
kamailio-cnxcc-modules: hardening-no-bindnow usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/kamailio/modules/cnxcc.so
kamailio-cpl-modules: hardening-no-bindnow usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/kamailio/modules/cpl-c.so
kamailio-dnssec-modules: hardening-no-bindnow usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/kamailio/modules/dnssec.so
kamailio-erlang-modules: hardening-no-bindnow usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/kamailio/modules/erlang.so
kamailio-extra-modules: hardening-no-bindnow usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/kamailio/modules/evapi.so
kamailio-extra-modules: hardening-no-bindnow usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/kamailio/modules/gzcompress.so
kamailio-extra-modules: hardening-no-bindnow usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/kamailio/modules/jansson.so
kamailio-extra-modules: hardening-no-bindnow usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/kamailio/modules/janssonrpc-c.so
kamailio-extra-modules: hardening-no-bindnow usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/kamailio/modules/uuid.so
kamailio-geoip-modules: hardening-no-bindnow usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/kamailio/modules/geoip.so
kamailio-ims-modules: hardening-no-bindnow usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/kamailio/libkamailio_ims.so.0.1
kamailio-ims-modules: hardening-no-bindnow usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/kamailio/modules/cdp.so
kamailio-ims-modules: hardening-no-bindnow usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/kamailio/modules/cdp_avp.so
kamailio-ims-modules: hardening-no-bindnow usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/kamailio/modules/ims_auth.so
kamailio-ims-modules: hardening-no-bindnow usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/kamailio/modules/ims_charging.so
kamailio-ims-modules: hardening-no-bindnow usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/kamailio/modules/ims_dialog.so
kamailio-ims-modules: hardening-no-bindnow usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/kamailio/modules/ims_icscf.so
kamailio-ims-modules: hardening-no-bindnow usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/kamailio/modules/ims_isc.so
kamailio-ims-modules: hardening-no-bindnow usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/kamailio/modules/ims_qos.so
kamailio-ims-modules: hardening-no-bindnow usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/kamailio/modules/ims_registrar_pcscf.so
kamailio-ims-modules: hardening-no-bindnow usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/kamailio/modules/ims_registrar_scscf.so
kamailio-ims-modules: hardening-no-bindnow usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/kamailio/modules/ims_usrloc_pcscf.so
kamailio-ims-modules: hardening-no-bindnow usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/kamailio/modules/ims_usrloc_scscf.so
kamailio-json-modules: hardening-no-bindnow usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/kamailio/modules/json.so
kamailio-json-modules: hardening-no-bindnow usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/kamailio/modules/jsonrpc-c.so
kamailio-kazoo-modules: hardening-no-bindnow usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/kamailio/modules/kazoo.so
kamailio-ldap-modules: hardening-no-bindnow usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/kamailio/modules/db2_ldap.so
kamailio-ldap-modules: hardening-no-bindnow usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/kamailio/modules/h350.so
kamailio-ldap-modules: hardening-no-bindnow usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/kamailio/modules/ldap.so
kamailio-lua-modules: hardening-no-bindnow usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/kamailio/modules/app_lua.so
kamailio-memcached-modules: hardening-no-bindnow usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/kamailio/modules/memcached.so
kamailio-mono-modules: hardening-no-bindnow usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/kamailio/modules/app_mono.so
kamailio-mysql-modules: hardening-no-bindnow usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/kamailio/modules/db_mysql.so
kamailio-outbound-modules: hardening-no-bindnow usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/kamailio/modules/outbound.so
kamailio-perl-modules: hardening-no-bindnow usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/kamailio/modules/app_perl.so
kamailio-perl-modules: hardening-no-bindnow usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/kamailio/modules/db_perlvdb.so
kamailio-postgres-modules: hardening-no-bindnow usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/kamailio/modules/db_postgres.so
kamailio-presence-modules: hardening-no-bindnow usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/kamailio/modules/presence.so
kamailio-presence-modules: hardening-no-bindnow usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/kamailio/modules/presence_conference.so
kamailio-presence-modules: hardening-no-bindnow usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/kamailio/modules/presence_dialoginfo.so
kamailio-presence-modules: hardening-no-bindnow usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/kamailio/modules/presence_mwi.so
kamailio-presence-modules: hardening-no-bindnow usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/kamailio/modules/presence_profile.so
kamailio-presence-modules: hardening-no-bindnow usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/kamailio/modules/presence_reginfo.so
kamailio-presence-modules: hardening-no-bindnow usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/kamailio/modules/presence_xml.so
kamailio-presence-modules: hardening-no-bindnow usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/kamailio/modules/pua.so
kamailio-presence-modules: hardening-no-bindnow usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/kamailio/modules/pua_bla.so
kamailio-presence-modules: hardening-no-bindnow usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/kamailio/modules/pua_dialoginfo.so
kamailio-presence-modules: hardening-no-bindnow usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/kamailio/modules/pua_mi.so
kamailio-presence-modules: hardening-no-bindnow usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/kamailio/modules/pua_reginfo.so
kamailio-presence-modules: hardening-no-bindnow usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/kamailio/modules/pua_usrloc.so
kamailio-presence-modules: hardening-no-bindnow usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/kamailio/modules/pua_xmpp.so
kamailio-presence-modules: hardening-no-bindnow usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/kamailio/modules/rls.so
kamailio-presence-modules: hardening-no-bindnow usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/kamailio/modules/xcap_client.so
kamailio-presence-modules: hardening-no-bindnow usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/kamailio/modules/xcap_server.so
kamailio-purple-modules: hardening-no-bindnow usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/kamailio/modules/purple.so
kamailio-python-modules: hardening-no-bindnow usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/kamailio/modules/app_python.so
kamailio-radius-modules: hardening-no-bindnow usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/kamailio/modules/acc_radius.so
kamailio-radius-modules: hardening-no-bindnow usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/kamailio/modules/auth_radius.so
kamailio-radius-modules: hardening-no-bindnow usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/kamailio/modules/misc_radius.so
kamailio-radius-modules: hardening-no-bindnow usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/kamailio/modules/peering.so
kamailio-redis-modules: hardening-no-bindnow usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/kamailio/modules/ndb_redis.so
kamailio-sctp-modules: hardening-no-bindnow usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/kamailio/modules/sctp.so
kamailio-snmpstats-modules: hardening-no-bindnow usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/kamailio/modules/snmpstats.so
kamailio-sqlite-modules: hardening-no-bindnow usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/kamailio/modules/db_sqlite.so
kamailio-tls-modules: hardening-no-bindnow usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/kamailio/modules/auth_identity.so
kamailio-tls-modules: hardening-no-bindnow usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/kamailio/modules/crypto.so
kamailio-tls-modules: hardening-no-bindnow usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/kamailio/modules/tls.so
kamailio-unixodbc-modules: hardening-no-bindnow usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/kamailio/modules/db_unixodbc.so
kamailio-utils-modules: hardening-no-bindnow usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/kamailio/modules/http_client.so
kamailio-utils-modules: hardening-no-bindnow usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/kamailio/modules/utils.so
kamailio-websocket-modules: hardening-no-bindnow usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/kamailio/modules/websocket.so
kamailio-xml-modules: hardening-no-bindnow usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/kamailio/modules/xhttp_pi.so
kamailio-xml-modules: hardening-no-bindnow usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/kamailio/modules/xmlops.so
kamailio-xml-modules: hardening-no-bindnow usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/kamailio/modules/xmlrpc.so
kamailio-xmpp-modules: hardening-no-bindnow usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/kamailio/modules/xmpp.so
